docs: update the contributing guide (#4634)
hyperledger/iroha: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Ensure you follow our [style guides](#style-guides) for code and documentation.
- Write [tests](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/commands/cargo-test.html). Ensure they all pass (`cargo test --workspace`).
- Perform pre-commit routine like formatting & artifacts regeneration (see [`pre-commit.sample`](./hooks/pre-commit.sample))

> - With the `upstream` set to track [Hyperledger Iroha repository](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha), `git pull -r upstream main`, `git commit -s`, `git push <your-fork>`, and [create a pull request](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha/compare) to the `main` branch. Ensure the PR has the `<type>: <description>` [title](#pull-request-titles).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- With the `upstream` set to track [Hyperledger Iroha repository](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha), `git pull -r upstream main`, `git commit -s`, `git push <your-fork>`, and [create a pull request](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha/compare) to the `main` branch. Ensure it follows the [pull request guidelines](#pull-request-etiquette).
```

### Reporting Bugs

A *bug* is an error, design flaw, failure or fault in Iroha that causes it to produce an incorrect, unexpected, or unintended result or behaviour.

> We track Iroha 1 bugs via [Github Issues](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Airoha1+label%3ABug) with the combination of `iroha1` and `Bug` tags.

Author: > Iroha 1 is deprecated and moved to its own branch, no need to mention it here

Yes, Should this part be removed, or should there be a note that all unlabeled issues are related to Iroha 2?

> We track Iroha 1 bugs via [Github Issues](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Airoha1+label%3ABug) with the combination of `iroha1` and `Bug` tags.

Reviewer: For now, it's enough to say that Iroha bugs are tracked via issues labeled with `Bug` (it is assumed that Iroha means Iroha 2). There is a pending PR that will introduce an issue template for bugs: #4564, and we will be able to refer to it.

When you create a new issue, there is a template for you to fill in. Here's the checklist of what you should do when you are reporting bugs:

> - [ ] Add the `Bug` tag, if the bug is in Iroha 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Add the `Bug` tag
```

Reviewer: Otherwise looks good

> To pass the *`check-PR-title`* check, the pull request should have the title that follows this schema:

Reviewer: Let's say that PR titles have to:
- follow Conventional Commits (leave a link to the specification and don't reiterate it here)
- if the PR has a single commit, the PR title must match the commit message

  You may use [the `commit-msg` hook](./hooks/) to automatically sign-off your commits.

> - Follow the same naming schema as for [pull request titles](#pull-request-titles): `<type>: <description>`. This means:

Reviewer: Mention that commit messages must follow Conventional Commits instead of constraining them to `<type>: <description>`

Alternatively it's possible to build iroha inside docker with profiler support and profile iroha this way.

```bash

> docker build -f Dockerfile.glibc --build-arg="PROFILE=profiling" --build-arg='RUSTFLAGS=-C force-frame-pointers=on' --build-arg='FEATURES=profiling' --build-arg='CARGOFLAGS=-Z build-std' -t main:profiling .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker build -f Dockerfile.glibc --build-arg="PROFILE=profiling" --build-arg='RUSTFLAGS=-C force-frame-pointers=on' --build-arg='FEATURES=profiling' --build-arg='CARGOFLAGS=-Z build-std' -t iroha:profiling .
```
